Tagging (#312)
justeat/JustEat.StatsD: README.md

The default behaviour is to ignore the error.

#### Tagging support

> Tags or dimensions are not covered by the StatsD specification. Providers supporting tags have implemented their flavours. Some of the major providers are supported out-of-the-box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags or dimensions are not covered by the StatsD specification. Providers supporting tags have implemented their own flavours. Some of the major providers are supported out-of-the-box from 5.0.0+ are:
```

* [CloudWatch](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Agent-custom-metrics-statsd.html).
* [DataDog](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/dogstatsd/datagram_shell/?tab=metrics)
* [InfluxDB](https://www.influxdata.com/blog/getting-started-with-sending-statsd-metrics-to-telegraf-influxdb/#introducing-influx-statsd).
* [Librato](https://github.com/librato/statsd-librato-backend#tags).
* [SignalFX](https://docs.signalfx.com/en/latest/integrations/agent/monitors/collectd-statsd.html#adding-dimensions-to-statsd-metrics).
* [Splunk](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/8.0.5/Metrics/GetMetricsInStatsd).

```csharp
var config = new StatsDConfiguration
{
    Prefix = "prefix",
    Host = "127.0.0.1",
    TagsFormatter = TagsFormatter.CloudWatch,
};
```

##### Extending tags formatter

> As tags are not part of the StatsD specification, the `IStatsDTagsFormatter` used can be extended and injected in the `StatsDConfiguration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As tags are not part of the StatsD specification, the `IStatsDTagsFormatter` used can be extended and specified by the `StatsDConfiguration`.
```

> The template class `StatsDTagsFormatter` can be inherited providing the `StatsDTagsFormatterConfiguration`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template class `StatsDTagsFormatter` can be inherited from providing the `StatsDTagsFormatterConfiguration`:
```

* **Prefix**: the string that will appear before the tag(s).
* **Suffix**: the string that will appear after the tag(s).

> * **AreTrailing**: a boolean indicating if the tag(s) are placed at the end of the StatsD message (like it is supported by AWS CloudWatch, DataDog or Splunk) or otherwise they are right after the bucket name (like it is supported by InfluxDB, Librato or SignalFX).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **AreTrailing**: a boolean indicating if the tag(s) are placed at the end of the StatsD message (like it is supported by AWS CloudWatch, DataDog and Splunk) or otherwise they are right after the bucket name (like it is supported by InfluxDB, Librato and SignalFX).
```
